fix issue with doubled labels in the response (#74)
VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

  Thanks to @yincongcyincong for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/pull/69).

* BUGFIX: correctly pass time range filter when querying variable values. Before, time filter wasn't applied for `/field_values` and `/field_names` API calls. See [this](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/71) and [this](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/72) issues.

> * BUGFIX: fix the issue of collecting labels in different log lines. Removed duplicated labels from previous log lines. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/60). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: fix the issue with displaying incorrect subfields when requesting logs with different set of fields. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/60). 
```

Author: updated
